{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shades Speck\
redraw from v4\
cut some parts\
keep in 6HP ala VCA v12\
\
might try THT\
\
april 4th - begin redraw of schem - unknown if tht or 0805\
\
goign to be 3x tl074\
\
\
led hole is 5mm / 5.75mm\
\
Resistor_THT:R_Axial_DIN0207_L6.3mm_D2.5mm_P10.16mm_Horizontal\
LED_THT:LED_D5.0mm\
\
cutout has a 0.2 , 0.2mm internal curve\
6.2mm height and 3.3mm width\
inscribing a 3.0 / 5.9mm rectangle\
\
pin1 is dy = 0.05mm  below the top of cut. \
pin3 is 0.15 above the bottom cut\
\
except for the third one, is 0 / 0.2 above the bottom cut. \
\
5.6mm in from pcb edge , and the center of the cutout. which was 3.3mm width, so 1.65 / 1.65 apart. \
\
\
pcb hole for knob can be 20.3mm in\
7mm and 22mm for the jack holes.  , going with 7/23mm\
\
=-=-\
ordered a prototype from jlcpcb april 27th for rev 101.  2022\
\
it works nicely, but I forgot to draw the unipolar/bipolar triangles on the faceplate, and also theyre reversed from the original!!\
\
later in the year - about to build some more - and I think fixing the reversed switches is a good idea. Ken online also suggested laying down the resistors but thats a major rework for dubious gain, whereas switching the switches is trivial I hope.  and adding the logos to the faceplate is basically already done. \
}